<!-- .slide: data-background="#E6F7FF" -->

#  SRE <!-- .element: class="r-fit-text" -->
Site Reliability Tasks for IKO Workloads

The podTemplate field can be useful in exploring deployment and startup errors; examples are provided in that section.

`kubectl explain resource`

`kubectl describe resource [instance-name]`
Lists the fields and values for all instances of the specified resource, or for the specified instance of that resource. For
example, kubectl describe pods shows you the node each pod is hosted by, the containers in the pod and the names
of their data volumes (persistent volume claims), and many other details such as the license key and pull secrets.
`kubectl get resource [instance-name] [options]`
Without options, lists basic information for all instances of the specified resource, or for a specified instance of that resource. However, kubectl get -o provides many options for formatting and selecting subsets of the possible output of the command. For example, the command 
`kubectl get IrisCluster -o yaml IrisCluster-name output option` displays
the details fields by the .yaml definition file for the specified IrisCluster in the same format with their current values.
                                                                                         
Troubleshoot IrisCluster deployment errors
`kubectl logs (pod-name | resource/instance-name) [-c container-name]`
Dislays the logs for the specified container in a pod or other specified resource instance (for example, kubectl logs deployment/intersystems-operator-name). 

For example, you could use kubectl exec in these ways:

`kubectl exec pod-name -- iris list`
Displays information about the InterSystems IRIS instance running in the container.

`kubectl exec pod-name -- more /irissys/data/IRIS/mgr/messages.log`

Displays the instance’s messages log.

`kubectl exec pod-name -it -- iris terminal IRIS`

Opens the InterSystems Terminal for the instance.

`kubectl exec pod-name -it -- "/bin/bash"`

Opens a command line inside the container.

---

<section data-transition="none">

## ConfigMaps As yaml
Dont get confused with the relationship of CPF to ConfigMap, manage the ConfigMap directly.

</section>

<section data-transition="none">

## Work Backwards
Once you get everything running and you have the simplest sample running from the docs, just `describe` everything to see what is going on under the hood.

</section>

<section data-transition="none">

## Get Default Helm Values
If you are adding other solutions/charts to augment your solution, spit out the default values to see what is available for the chart.  Also, beware of changes between releases.

```
helm get values "release-name-in-repo"
```
</section>

---
<!-- .slide: data-background-transition="slide" data-background="https://i0.wp.com/roomescapeartist.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Spaceballs-Luggage-Combination.gif?ssl=1" -->


## PasswordHash

Below generates a password for your IRIS workloads (and the Druidia AirShield) and should be included in your configmap (or cpf).

```
sween @ fhirwatch-pop-os ~/Desktop/VEGAS/gitops_iko_slides (gh_pages)
└─ $ ▶ docker run --rm -it containers.intersystems.com/intersystems/passwordhash:1.1 -algorithm SHA512 -workfactor 10000
1.1: Pulling from intersystems/passwordhash
f35eb96867aa: Pull complete 
Digest: sha256:784ee9ad3b6daf54badc0a7f57a934de7633d27da0da38e6482c2306d3d898db
Status: Downloaded newer image for containers.intersystems.com/intersystems/passwordhash:1.1
Enter password: 
Enter password again: 
PasswordHash=dd3db559360ff44afc8ad4285454923286af054bcdfe246781403de71ad671ace9db97156558e8ad51a534532f5ec4cb0050905d22268b37093ff3e79a1ea62e,2679fe891b0dffffcf8a98b58ed5778ef8bbb1da5a8754f7ff3427274608cc8ca76d332bc50308042b0895f531925fa686c7501872625e719885cfca87c2b45c,10000,SHA512
```



